they are quickly the course they follow
since a few days looks like that
that private aircraft pilots must
follow but they drive drones
civilians
mathieu boulianne their teachers
believe that the surrounding security
the use of these small devices
were deficient
that's why with the center
of excellence on drones to alma he has
set up a 40-hour training
the gifts are in effervescence when
even dazzling
his case was not a lot of coaching
two steps from the transport door
gifts until recently we made
a bike ad two weeks by
relation to the security of donations
how to spot donations how do
operate safety these flying devices
uninhabited must still be
submit to many requirements
it is forbidden to fly them in
the city of quebec
unless you have permission
special event in 2011
the federal agency had issued 155
authorization called certificate
special aerial authorization
last years and a half four times more
943 we will never do an operation
directly above the world or
property to precisely prevent that if there is
a sound a failure of the device
falls relies on the world or on a
house or on a self these rules are only
not always known or applied to
canada this year 14
incident involving a drone is a
commercial airplane
a lot of drone users on the
funds for pleasure
this is the case of this technician in
geomatics then me that I use
to make beautiful panoramas
river speeds right fraser
it's for the cinema to appease it but
for most students it's mostly
in order to make use of it
commercial
I am developing my
company for eventually doing the
photogrammetry will lose that's why
that I'm a course right now we
can expect that the
regulations surrounding the use
civil drones be reinforced in the short
term canada and the united states have
set up a committee to supervise
drone flights that if alex levasseur
radio canada
in Quebec